.TH SUPERMOUNT 8 "Dec 1999" "initscripts" "MandrakeSoft"
.SH НАЗВА
supermount \- дозволяє чи забороняє роботу  supermount 
.SH ВИКОРИСТАННЯ
.B supermount 
[\fIOPTION\fR]... <\fIdisable | enable\fR>
.SH ОПИС
.PP
\fBsupermount\fR allows system administrator to enable or disable the
\fBsupermount\fR feature offered in recent mandrake kernels.  This
feature automatically manages mounting and unmounting removable medias
when needed.  The script simply adds or remove the \fBsupermount\fR
option from within the entries of the \fI/etc/fstab\fR file.  Without
option \fB\-i\fR the modified file is printed to stdout.
.PP 
\fBsupermount\fR has to be launched with one of the following
arguments:
.TP
\fBenable\fR in order to enable supermount feature on relevant drives
(cdrom and floppy drives),
.TP
\fBdisable\fR in order to disable the \fBsupermount\fR feature on all
drives.
.SH ПАРАМЕТРИ
.TP
\fB\-f=FILE\fR, \fB\-\-file=FILE\fR Indicates an alternate file where
to make modifications. The default is \fI/etc/fstab\fR.
.TP
\fB\-i\fR, \fB\-\-infile\fR Modifications are made directly to
\fI/etc/fstab\fR or FILE specified through \fB\-f\fR option, instead
of being outputted to stdout.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR, \fB\-?\fR print a short help message.
.SH "ДИВ. ТАКОЖ"
\fIfstab\fR(5), \fImount\fR(8), \fIumount\fR(8),
.SH АВТОР
Chmouel Boudjnah  - chmouel@mandrakesoft.com
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 1999/2000 MandrakeSoft.
.br
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There
is NO warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
.SH
ПЕРЕКЛАД
.br
Дмитро Ковальов, <kov@tokyo.emai.ne.jp>
